so happy adjourn here yeah after my
parents died and I didn't really think I
was gonna be able to come back to
Tijuana but you always made me feel like
family you are my family
[Music]
I'm Erik Alma's Angela I just want to
find my friend I need to do a favor for
me first
you mess around I'll kill you both
the car real close to the curb
is is you you have to believe me they
made me do it the building that you blew
up the DEA safe house you know how long
you go away for unless you help us get
Moreno Esparza
see the
forget your friends
no one's coming to save you whether or
not you survive
it's entirely up to you
- you gotta learn how to use one of
these a viola bullet
balleseros everything ever since you
surreal the police in one step ahead
you better do what you need to do
totally you know there's a mole in this
operation
I have a plan I'm gonna come back
I'm not giving up on my family
lavalla
in the end
the bullet settles everything
[Music]
you